cleanup: spv-wallet toolkit documentation (#37)
bitcoin-sv/bsv-skills-center: network-topology/applications/spv-wallet/developer-docs/spv-wallet-go-client/authentication.md

	"github.com/bitcoin-sv/spv-wallet-go-client/commands"
	"github.com/bitcoin-sv/spv-wallet-go-client/config"
)

func main() {
	userAPI, err := wallet.NewUserAPIWithXPriv(config.New(config.WithAddr("{{spv-wallet-url}}")), "{{xpriv_of_the_user}}")
	// ...
	
	response, err := userAPI.GenerateAccessKey(context.Background(), &commands.GenerateAccessKey{})
	// ...
}
```

In response, you can find the following important properties:
* `Key` - which is actually an additional private key and is not stored on the SPV Wallet side, so it is displayed to user only once and user is responsible for storing it
* `ID` - which actually can be used for checking the state of the access key (if it was revoked or when it was created) or revoking it.

#### Use

To authenticate as user with access key, you need to create a new SPV Wallet Client for users API with the access key.

```go
import (
    wallet "github.com/bitcoin-sv/spv-wallet-go-client"
    "github.com/bitcoin-sv/spv-wallet-go-client/config"
)

func main() {
    userAPI, err := wallet.NewUserAPIWithAccessKey(config.New(config.WithAddr("{{spv-wallet-url}}")), "{{key}}")
    //...
}
```

#### Revoke

> Whenever a user fills that access key is compromised, or it wouldn't be needed anymore, it is possible to revoke such access key, so it can't be used to authenticate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever a user believes that a particular access key has been compromised or is no longer needed, it can be revoked to prevent any further use.
```

> To revoke an access key user need to make a following call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To revoke an access key, a user needs to make the following call:
```
